[Music]
giggle giggle never go to cha cha let it
go good morning everyone it's a nice day
outside it's very sunny it was very
gloomy yesterday's I don't really film
anything and I'm not gonna do this
typical you know I'm young team doodle
because I don't feel like it today I'm
just gonna do like a get ready with me
and I don't know what kind of look is
gonna turn out so I'm just going to go
with the flow and last night I wasn't at
them right before they closed and I
really wanted to try a couple of their
products it's not really recently came
out it has been there for like almost
one or two months and red velvet Irene
is a new face for the fam so I just
thought why not use couple products and
to use and just test it out I hope you
guys enjoy this video and let's get the
whole thing started so the first thing
I'm going to do is to apply toner and
this one is by Aloha Philip she replied
toner so I got this one I went to will
hustle event i remember i bought it and
i think i bought it i had like a facial
treatment session and they use this
toner on me and i really liked it they i
really like the smell of this like it
smells really like a luxurious like rose
extract it feels like it does its job by
moisturizing by the same time is to
interfere the funny thing with me the
remaining of the toner i'm supply a
bathroom pregnant and all my neck as
well now coming in with cream and then I
use this mo hostel nutritive hydro
golden snail this is not sponsored video
you guys I'm dead serious
I just really love this snail product
sale is very well known for having
anti-aging properties so I've been using
this really just sleep in a really great
product overall my skin is and also it's
getting really weird lately for some
reason you know it's summer here in
Korea but my skin because of the weather
changes it has become really dry for
some
so that's why I've changed to cream then
using a normal light moisturizer or
lotion not on the affordable side it's
quite pricey acting with sometimes taken
online they're selling it for like 70
dollars but I've been using this almost
every single day and I really like it
and I actually shamelessly us will have
to send me another one because I just
really love it so much I also got this
one from guys to be Beauty rewards own
if you guys haven't watched my blog you
guys should check it out I will link it
down below professional as well known -
how like minimize pores
I guess is it perfect oh you think and
then I guess I applied here pretty
watery - Oh interesting
the foundation why is this and then you
have this bond scale just try it out
gonna blend this out oh man guys it's
kind of just really good and it's doing
its job like minimizing my pores but I
guess I was part of the trilogy McKee
when I first open it but really loved it
it really hurts my pores but then again
you have to see like how it plays out
with other base makeup - yeah I'll take
you off for a walk in a bit will be bad
no come just like fighting his dirty
well he's like whining you see I'm
actually surprised because I have no
expectation on this product whatsoever
because you know benefit is slightly
above the drugstore level but they're
not like really like super high-end so I
was kind of a little bit skeptical about
this but I'm actually liking it but then
again we have to wait and see how it
plays out with other base makeup because
sometimes hi-rise doesn't really go well
with like certain foundation let's see
the moment you guys been waiting for I'm
actually really excited for this product
the same eco soul and subscription so
this product is the famous Irene cushion
the one that Irene featured in
commercial from the feel of the cushion
top I'm not sure if I'm going to like it
because it's not soft enough and feel
like it's kind of like right in the
middle it's not too stiff but it's not
too soft
this cushion is said to be like the
essence very moisturizing cushion for
people who have dry skin from the ad
I'll link it down below it looks really
like moisturizing so in the beginning a
second I want to get a moisturizing
question mainly because I already have
so many cushions which I will be doing
like a separate cushion video on I've
never actually tried a lot of like
cushions from the stand so I thought why
not give it a go oh my god moment of
truth you guys
I really like how it applies on my skin
and it is really like moisturizing you
get like this cooling sensation on your
face when you apply it I like it
okay the Sam I take it back this cushion
is actually pretty good it sits on the
skin really well and I think it back as
well saying that the pulse might not be
good but it's actually pretty good
and it even leads to view this product
onto my skin it transfer well as well
onto my skin so good stuff is coming
press this is like a perfect like very
natural looking moisturizing cushion I
can see a lot of girls wearing this when
they're going on a date during fall or
spring the coverage is medium to full
yeah it's really good I'm really
impressed good smoke this stuff I might
get more Christian from the scent it's
really easy to work with to you guys and
the smell it smells like it has a little
bit of like baby powder floral scent wow
I'm loving this I have like lines on my
eyes right here but it covers it really
well and it looks really like
moisturizing I thought this type of
cushion doesn't crack unless you bro
really like tons of base powder on top
it could crack but I feel like you just
apply a little bit of translucent powder
on your t-zone area here and there
lightly it will look really natural and
nice and I feel like this is one of
those cushion that you guys have to like
wear on your birthday the way this
product it's reminds me of the troll air
okay age cushion I like that because it
just bled into my skin goes into my
pores but it doesn't like it weirdly you
guys know what I mean it just blends in
evenly with my pores and my skin and it
looks really natural
inside my foundation I'm going to use
the no sebum control cotton finisher by
CBL UDL is a relatively new brand in
Korea and I've been really loving them
because
they just have really good like lip
products wake me up and I really like
their eyeliner I might be doing like the
one brand hopefully make a tutorial
students are not sure I'm not going to
promise you guys on this but i will try
want to have time i'm going to give this
bloom cake powder brush rp6
to my eyebrows and she has her own brush
line so yeah I've been using this one a
lot and I also want to support myself a
new friend because I'm she's really nice
and I met her life seniors as well and
she was really really sweet I just
really like this powder mainly because
it helps to like set my foundation put a
lot it's going to put a little put I
like to apply the hairline area that's
where your hair likes to stick the most
and you don't want it to like stick like
we have my frickin oil on her grades
okay
I guess we're done with powder and now
we're going to belong to eyebrows for
eyebrows minutes to product so the first
one that I'm going to apply it on my
eyebrows is this shitty Al Gore
destroyed auto eyebrow pencil this one
is really big a lot of Korean brands
have been coming out with really thin
eyebrow pencil I think because of the
whole Anastacio you know the brow Wiz my
trend so I think Korean run of the title
I come up with something similar going
to use to color walnuts brown this one
reminds me a lot of the a two-house
drawing brow pencil or auto pencil
you're the famous one the one that
repeals around five to six dollars that
one is really good so this one won't be
a lot of that I'm just going to do all
my
to do it in
I woke up at 8 a.m. because I wanted to
check when my video goes to Ohio
actually slept at 4 a.m. because I had
to edit that one all the way and finish
it so I had a little bit of a technical
problem when I was eating it so it was
kind of frustrating but I'm glad it's
off
I'm actually really tired today guys I
just don't want to go back to sleep
because I feel like I'm gonna waste so
much time
yes I met up with Mimi yesterday with
her husband Duncan they're really nice
people I really like them but I took
them to my favorite bar both of them are
really genuine and really sincere nice
people yeah I was really nice to finally
meet me Mae and her husband I usually
like this meeting me in person it was
really nice to meet her other house and
yeah both of them are really cute
together
so we had fun we went to this bar I'm
not going to tell you guys would like to
kind of go there really often so it's
kind of like my place of like stress
relief well I like to keep it sorry
about this what am I going to share with
you guys after that we went to this
dessert place in Seoul
near karma area it's called a rocky
mountain like Chocolate Factory and they
sell a lot of like chocolate like
sipping caramel and a lot of like other
desserts like including my chocolate
bars so I took them there they really
had fun we I had fun of me I love
chocolate so it was really nice sitting
there and chilling with them so yeah I
just like it when we just chill and we
just like talk about life be more normal
because you know sometimes it can be a
little bit too dramatic being on YouTube
go yeah it's really nice to just like be
off for me too and talk about like just
life and real stuff in general you know
what I mean so yeah I really enjoy
hanging out so anyways I'm going to come
in with my heavy rotation coloring
eyebrow I think this one is in number
six this one is a lot more like reddish
brown which suits my hair color I'm just
going to do it in like this this thing
is really pigmented which is the reason
why I got this because you know my
eyebrows are really black so I like to
just color it a little bit to every
snatch my hair color
there you go so for the ice I'm not
going to go too much on today's get
ready with me because I'm going to go
out soon and I like having really like
minimal makeup sometimes I don't like
wearing circle lenses a lot these days
I don't really like wearing circle
lenses these days if it's not like for
filming purposes mainly because I don't
know why I felt like suffocated these
days I feel like I'm getting old that's
why just going to really keep it minimal
and I'm going to take this kitty Elm
Essex eyeliner in color mocha chuckle I
think color mainly because it's very
natural-looking so what I usually do I
like to apply it around the are you like
this and then just smudge it out and
then my eyes become more define on this
side I'm just going to do this before
[Music]
yeah
here you go then I'm going to curl my
lashes and this one is an educated
eyelash curler that I got from all of
young you guys can get this everywhere
and always be on so yeah this is pretty
good I like it because I'm too lazy to
curl my eyelashes like if you like more
than like three or four times to get
like the perfect curl that I want so I
usually just use this and use it two
times and I'm done so let me show you
guys the magic of freaking kitted
eyelash curler BAM
Sam these days I like to do like one
side and apply mascara and do the other
side because I just don't want it to go
down or mascara I'm going to take the
Holika Holika magic pole 2x was just
like an old favorite that I really like
I just started YouTube and I went back
to it this is my first love mascara
I'm gonna do the other side
and I'm just going to apply a little bit
on the lower lashes as well
for blush I'm going to take this too sad
tamil smiles baby belong sure and number
three is bullying pink this color is
really pretty because I don't really
have anything like this slightly warm
pink with glitters on it I'm not sure
how this is gonna look on my cheek so I
just got it because I'm just really
curious so let's try it out like this Oh
guys it's so pretty
I'm so lonely a little bit I think this
one retails around like seven thousand
seven or like six thousand won yeah
really affordable for a blush and I
should say a little like sparkle like
shimmers on it so it makes it look
really like some kick oh yeah pretty I
like it it's like a little bit more
finally we're going to come in with the
send equals velvet with me and this one
is in color pro-1 bill bill issue
they'll bless you all
it's written in Korean so they literally
wrote it bless you but in Korean
Tennessee yes called bless you in CRO
one I got this because they only have
like two colors and when you buy the
cushion like the eco soul like the Irene
cushion you'll get a free velvet
business so you can like pick whatever
color you want so well they all I feel
like really close
why not I mean thank God I got back to
Chen I mean I like it
Wow
oh my file like this it's full it really
likes me a lot of the Irene and so I
might cook this is like an i-beam at get
ready with me inquired video because it
looks really like natural and I like
kind of color looks really natural and
the feel of it Friday velvety if you
guys know what I mean it's finally
velvety but it's not too overwhelming
which I like yeah I want to say this is
kind of moisturizing it's nobody but no
moisturizing slightly powdering so if
you're not a big fan of this kind of
texture you might not like it but then
again I'm always very adventurous when
it comes to lip products so even though
sometimes I don't like how it applies
and feels on my lips I still wear the
many ways because of the color and this
is one of them I really like this color
to the whole light blush color and the
lips kind of complement each other if
you guys see it so it's very natural
makeup today and I'm definitely going to
recommend you guys to wear this kind of
makeup when you guys are going out for a
first date because a paradise like
natural makeup bastard
to
[Music]